# Tic-Tac-Toe WebApp
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/EXBnBTsGdeo
#### Description:
I decided to make a tic-tac-toe web game as my final prject becuase it combined some aspects of web development along with python. It's a scaled up version of a beginner project of just tic tac toe in python. I'm still relatively a beginner in python and I also needed to make this project in a fairly short time frame so I decided to go with tic-tac-toe, which wasn't that hard of a game to program. I wanted to do it on the web becasue that was the easiest way I could make it interactive without having to download anything unnecessary.

For the project: I used the Week 9 Lab as reference for the jinja notation and html setup. I had one stylesheet, of which I had fairly minimal sytling. I had two templates, one which was a win screen and one which was the board. I chose to not make it look too pretty as I was focusing more on the coding than anything else. In the stylesheet I had some troubles centering the board and creating a classic tic-tac-toe board, but with some creative margins and id-ing of the cells I was able to make it how I wanted to. I employed jinja in both of my templates, passing in certain values from a python file in order to redner the board and decide who the winner was.

The game.py file is just me trying to figure out how to program tic-tac-toe without all the web stuff. I used some of the methods I made in that in the final part of the project, if not with a few modifications.

The end product is a webapp tic tac toe game. You start with a blank board, and X goes first. Clicking one of the buttons on the board places the current player's X or O. Three in a row wins you the game, and it transports you to another webpage that is a winner screen, which displays who won and a play again button. The play again button starts the player off with a new board, and whoever won last time gets first move.

Some of the problems that I came across and had to spend time on were... centering the board was rough. It still doesn't work great when you get down to smaller screen sizes but it looks good on a computer. I just used some margin to get it approximately near the middle. THe second problem was how to make sure htat user's couldn't double-input. For that I needed to make a system that removed the input buttons when a player's X or O occupied the space. In order to do that I used jinja to determine if there is something within the board space. Then I hid the element if there was something. Another issue was making the baord actually look like a tic-tac-toe board. In order to do this I needed to seperately id each portion of the board and add style to each id. My id system converted the iteration variables I had to letters that corresponded with the place. The I was able to individually style each letter index to make it look like an actual tic-tac-toe board. 